We are looking for passionate people who invest so much in
human relationships only in their own work.
It is this dynamism that defines our company and its employees.
Our corporate culture is very special;
passion is ubiquitous and quality comes first.
All these values ​​are engraved around the orc in the yard.
Every element of our products is the result of careful work.
When you are surrounded by people motivated by the love of a job well done,
we want to always do better. It is an ideal environment.
We are looking for people who are always ready to excel,
and who constantly strive for excellence.
I think Blizzard is a very special place ...
We have the resources of a very large company
and we operate with attention to detail and commitment
characteristics of small structures.
Even though we have grown to become this beautiful campus,
we are here for games, to create great games.
Our desire to all is to provide an incredible gaming experience,
because we seek to live this experience ourselves.
We can consider this as an art that we appreciate,
but to which one can also contribute.
It is an environment conducive to creativity.
And this creativity is not limited to graphic artists and musicians.
All Blizzard staff participate in game development.
Even if I'm not involved in the development of the game,
I have very strong links with his creative process.
We are all encouraged to share our ideas
and the best do not come from developers.
And that's the beauty of the case.
It is very motivating to work in a place where you are listening.
It's written in all our credits: designed by Blizzard Entertainment.
This is the first thing we see and it is very revealing.
We are looking for people willing to invest in a team.
Self-help helps our colleagues improve their work
and receive the same support in return.
And this teamwork helps perfect the whole game.
We create experiences and we build human relationships.
We create a story, a gaming experience
who talk to everyone, who ignore the borders.
This ability to bring people together through their passion is very strong.
It's so rewarding to create a product
shared and loved by millions of people around the world.
This is the place where dreams are created!
Blizzard has always encouraged the development of skills
through dialogue, mutual learning ...
All employees have opportunities to learn
and can take part in trainings on various subjects,
like using software, time management or process.
The Blizzard Academy is one of a kind.
It is our responsibility to help our employees evolve
in order to create the best games in the industry.
Our employees are Blizzard's main resource
and we want to give them all the support we can.
We take each program and we improve it.
People work in a safe and pleasant environment
where they can experiment, try new things ...
The community spirit is very strong within the company.
We are ... a bunch of geeks after all.
I can really be myself in the office. I can have a life.
I can talk to anyone, whether we know each other or not,
and start a relationship immediately.
I lead both a social and professional life in the workplace.
It's great to be able to work with friends and colleagues.
It's an incredible mix of people.
Our company is huge and our products are very successful.
Our work is seen and appreciated by millions of people,
but, at the same time, seen and criticized by so many people.
When we play a game with a friend, we try to beat him
within established rules.
We are fighting against other gaming studios.
What kind of business do you want to be? In what world do we want to live?
It's one thing to work for a society at its best,
but it's another to find a motivated company
to take the lead with an incredible sense of ethics.
I do not do this job just because I love it, but also
because I believe in what we do.
Why Blizzard? It's like asking: why work
about the Apollo program? Why work on Enterprise?
I sometimes wonder if we intimidate people outside.
None of us were excellent on arrival here.
If excellence has been achieved, it is only thanks to our
mutual investment and a corporate culture that pulls us up.
And of course ... thanks to friendship. And that's the main thing for me.